<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_release_notes_2021_9_0">
    <title>Coverity on Polaris 2023.6.0 Release Notes</title>
    <abstract>     <note><b>This platform is renamed Coverity on Polaris.</b> Unless otherwise specified, references to Polaris or Polaris Software Integrity Platform in this documentation are referring to Coverity on Polaris.</note> <shortdesc>Here's what's new in Coverity on Polaris 2023.6.0.</shortdesc></abstract>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <othermeta name="product" content="Coverity on Polaris"/>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <conbody>
        <section id="polarisx">
            <title>Platform </title>
            <ul id="ul_lbp_w5n_qqb">
                <li><b>Coverity 2022.6.1 and 2022.6.0 are no longer supported.</b></li>
                <li><b>Support for Coverity 2022.3.0 is deprecated. It will be discontinued in a
                        future release.</b></li>
                <li>Coverity on Polaris supports Coverity Versions: <ul id="ul_hzl_swq_dvb">
                        <li>2023.6.0 (Recommended)</li>
                        <li>2023.3.3</li>
                        <li>2023.3.0 (Deprecated)</li>
                        <li>2022.12.0 </li>
                        <li>2022.9.2</li>
                    </ul></li>
                <li><b>Coverity on Polaris now supports Coverity 2023.6.0.</b> See <xref
                        href="r_coverity-compatible-platforms_2023.6.dita" scope="local">Coverity
                        2023.3.0: Supported Platforms, Languages, and Compilers</xref>. It includes
                    the following changes:<ul id="ul_h2n_45x_drb">
                        <li>Support for Go 1.18 has been removed.</li>
                        <li>Support for LLVM Clang 6.0 has been removed.</li>
                        <li>Support for FSF GCC 4.0 has been removed.</li>
                        <li>Support for Xcode 11 has been removed with Clang capture on macOS on Intel.  To ensure a complete Clang capture on macOS on Intel, Xcode 12-13 must be installed.
                        
                        </li>
                        <li>Support for GNU gcc and g++versions 4.0 has been removed.
                        </li>
                        <li>Support for macOS 11 is deprecated and will be removed in a future
                            release.</li>
                        <li>Support for Go 1.19 is deprecated and will be removed in a
                            future release.</li>
                        <li>Support for LLVM Clang 7.0 is deprecated and will be removed in
                            a future release.</li>
                                <li> Support for GNU gcc and g++ versions prior to and including
                                    4.7.0 is deprecated and will be removed in a future
                                    release.</li>
                                <li>Added support for Go 1.20.</li>
                                <li>Added partial support for Java 20. Methods using Java 20
                                    features will be tolerated but not emitted.</li>
                                <li>Added support for LLVM Clang 16.0 C/C++ compiler.</li>
                                <li>Coverity Analysis for C# and Visual Basic supports analysis of
                                    programs compiled by the Visual C# compiler
                                        (<codeph>csc.exe</codeph>) and Visual Basic compiler
                                        (<codeph>vbc.exe</codeph>) from .NET Framework versions 3.5
                                    SP1 and 4.5.2–4.8.</li>
                                <li>Improved performance of JavaScript webapp security
                                    analysis.</li>
                    </ul></li>
                <li>From MacO 13 onward, it is required that the XCodeBuild application must
                            be installed to run build capture.</li>
                <li>Although Coverty supports Linux ARM is not supported with Coverity on Polaris
                    2023.6.0. Support will be introduced in a feature release. </li>
                        <li>Synopsys Software Integrity Group documentation including <xref
                                href="https://sig-product-docs.synopsys.com/bundle/coverity-on-polaris/page/m_overview.html"
                                format="html" scope="external">Coverity on Polaris</xref> is now in
                            our <xref href="https://sig-product-docs.synopsys.com/" format="html"
                                scope="external">Documentation Portal</xref>.</li>
                        <li>Bug Fix: The Coverity on Polaris UI and documentation has been corrected
                    to state that after enabling the SAML it could override any groups created in
                    the UI <b>(POL-15834)</b>.</li>
                    </ul>
                
                   
            
        </section>
        <section id="cli">
            <title>CLI </title>
            <ul id="ul_azt_hdy_p4b">
                <li>The following <b>versions of the Coverity on Polaris CLI Scan Client</b> are
                        <b>supported</b> in this release<b>:</b>
                
                
                    <ul id="ul_hj4_bzj_byb">
                        <li>2023.6.0 (Recommended)</li>
                        <li>2023.3.3</li>
                        <li>2023.3.0 (Deprecated)</li>
                        <li>2022.12.0 </li>
                        <li>2022.9.2</li>
                    </ul>
                
                    </li>
            </ul>
        </section>
        <section id="section_s1f_sbj_gnb">
            <title>API</title>
            <p>
                <ul id="ul_nk2_rzj_byb">
                    <li>Support for Auth Service V0 and V1 APIs is deprecated and will be removed in
                        an upcoming release. It is recommended to update all Auth Service APIs to
                        V2. The list of Auth Service APIs can be found in the API Reference
                        documentation.</li>
                    <li>GET APIs will no longer include last login/last access token attributes
                            <b>(POLSAAS-3831)</b>.<ul id="ul_ok2_rzj_byb">
                            <li>The <b>GET /api/auth/v2/users/{id}</b> (The GET user by ID API) will
                                retain the last-login related info (last-login-date and
                                access-token-last-used-date).</li>
                            <li>The <b>GET /api/auth/v2/users</b> (The GET users with optional
                                filter criteria) and the <b>GET /api/auth/v2/users/{id1, id2,
                                    id3,...idn}</b> (The GET users by IDs) will NOT retain the
                                last-login related info</li>
                        </ul></li>
                    <li>Bug Fix: Coverity on Polaris API allows creation Invalid role assignments
                            <b>(POL-15741)</b>.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
